have you
I just got a nearfall yourselves I'm ani
I'm a mobile filmmaker mostly snapchat
stuff
maybe it's your stuff press just we're
in sweet green right now so you're gonna
build her home oh oh oh ah that's a lot
and you like oh my gosh it's just so
pretty
you know how excited I am because I
freaking love sweet it is just she
brought me sweet green like the moment I
moved
it's just like a great place you saw it
I'm not getting paid to say this
Oh
introduce yourself i'm just i run social
screen whoo so auntie Jess good hangs
good hang time to eat some green
I just got home but I was watching on
snapchat that my homies at B&H Photo
Video got their hands on spectral
glasses if you follow me on Twitter you
know I've been super salty about the
snapchat special thing because they
haven't come to New York City yet and
I'm just I'm getting so impatient so I'm
taking out my anger on snap for the yes
it's a brilliant marketing move because
it's it's getting up the hype but I
don't have spectacles and it's making me
so upset and so I just like slid into
the vnh do it was like yo can I go take
a picture with them I want to take a
cool pic and like troll on Instagram
like got myself some specs but really I
didn't so someone help me I'm here with
my bnh Ami's and look what they just got
oh my gosh I haven't seen it in person
and so the moment I saw this on snapchat
I was like what I have to go say thank
you
interesting so it's only made for iPhone
I didn't know anything about that and it
started with one God and we're getting
there so it should be ready to go three
minutes ago
first time oh yeah
oh my god so
the first respect
just finished an awesome meal basketball
this is our view that's a decent view
yeah yeah played at em how was it good
yeah wasn't it
basketball shape but still ran what
three games yeah yeah you got three
games in yeah I think we won volt right
yeah
tonight the same team won both games
religion I can't get over this video if
you see in the distance
Statue of Liberty see right there
I've been running long distance so this
is a whole different thing I assume all
the time in high school but to do it
with this view is just a whole nother
I'm going to have to make this irregular
it's just so quiet
insanely
it was so fun playing basketball ten
that was the first five
even more mad that I do not own a pair
they are just
and I want them so bad I don't want to
pay a thousand freakin dollars for
glasses
it is just so peaceful outside or now
the weather I can
hey guys it is the next day something
just happened and the YouTube community
that is making people very sad all of
you guys are asking my thoughts on it
via Twitter so I figured I just put it
in a vlog Casey Neistat
stopped vlogging I really am ending the
blobs Casey is someone who has changed
the game on YouTube the past couple of
years and he has had a huge impact on me
if it were not for him I literally would
not be where I am today this video I'm
talking about everyone's favorite
vlogger and how to Casey Neistat a vlog
in Casey Neistat vlogging formats meal
time is a key component of the Casey
Neistat log I thought that I could do
something meaningful here in the studio
and my idea was to make a vlog about how
to vlog like really break down into the
specifics and the mechanics alright then
I come in and I get this email from
someone saying Casey you've got to see
this video it's by this girl and she
made a movie she made a vlog whatever
about how you make your vlogs just the
shutter mid shot you're about to say
something important you want to zoom in
to really get the audience engaged it
only encourages like why I like your
channel by the way you've got a great
channel you this girl Sarah really
represents what is great about YouTube
meaningful content really well produced
you put your heart and everything you do
you should subscribe to this girl she
makes amazing content it has been such
an honor to actually hang out with
in real life and get to know him and the
one thing that I love that his vlogging
has brought to the world this is
something he was doing the message he
was putting out even before vlogging but
vlogging really took him you know
mainstream on YouTube and the one thing
that I think he really made cool was
like working hard
he made working hard cool if you want
something in order to get from point A
to point B all that in between is the
work and you putting in the work and she
made like working for what you want cool
and that that is everything he's such an
insane inspiration and I know he has
inspired so many of you guys and yes it
is a bummer that he had stopped lucky he
honestly is the only person that I've
consistently watched every single day
you know wake up have my coffee and
breakfast to his vlog so it is it is sad
it's like your favorite show is getting
cancelled except it's not a show it's
someone's real life like you know you
feel like you know him so it is sad
however he's not quitting YouTube he's
not quitting filmmaking he's not
quitting life like you're gonna see him
again so yes it is a bummer but he's
Casey friggin nice tat so he's gonna go
on and do amazing things and I'm so
stoked to see what the future holds for
him you gotta constantly be evolving in
life to move forward and I think that's
what Casey's doing he's he's dropping
the mic drop in the camera while he's on
top and props to him because what he has
done on YouTube is insane and he
literally changed landscape so Casey
thank you for inspiring the next
generation of hustlers including myself
and I know you're gonna go on to do
somehow bigger and better things
oMG also guys guess what I'm selling all
of my camera gear I'm selling it all
selling it all quit filmmaking just
getting just kidding for vlogging enjoy
the time I just use my Sony rx100 Mark
five and sometimes my iPhone seven but I
also shoot other things than vlogs we do
not know I
I have to like creative shows one of
them is a docu-series called creative
spaces TV and that's just me behind the
camera I go into filmmakers graphic
designers photographers studios I show
how they do what they do and where they
do it
after that I pants your camera so I use
the sony a7s to any sony a7r to but that
is a recently new setup I used to shoot
with a completely cannon setup and so I
had all of these Canon lenses and
basically I would connect my Sony
cameras to my Canon lenses via an
adapter but I now I've made the decision
I'm getting rid of all my Canon glass
and I'm switching to purely Sony lenses
this is going to be a journey but I just
wanted to let you guys know in case you
wanted to like buy some peachy lenses
they're going to be on eBay I'll put the
links down below but this is an end of
an era
no more Canon so this is probably one of
my favorite lenses a Canon 50 millimeter
f12 it's just it's the most gorgeous
it's one of those gorgeous lenses or
this is like my second favorite lens my
first one is actually a Zeist
canon lens 85 millimeter 1.4 look at
that glass look at that
it's it's the most it's the most
gorgeous um piece of glass of our own
it's just built like a tank oh my gosh
so beautiful so selling my adapters I
have a black metroplex inner eye doctor
and two sony adapters yeah I'll bring
you along my gear journey because I know
a lot of your gear heads out there like
myself I know a lot of you guys are sad
right now because Casey has stopped
vlogging but remember all of that
inspiration and motivation that his
vlogs provided you channel that take
that and put it in the real world put it
in your own work put it in your own you
know career and motivation when it comes
to school or creativity and also I'll be
here for you guys every Monday Wednesday
and Friday so make sure to hit that
subscribe button and yeah I will see you
guys next time
great rest of your week stay peachy okay
bye okay so life update I'm in another
pair of sweatpants and I'm just I'm just
living my best life so this is like a
really weird vlog right are you yes Phil
on that too so it's nighttime now but I
need to show you something that my
grandma sent me this is for you meemaw